Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.

Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.

Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.

Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.

Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...

Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?

Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.

Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about "the cave". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing.

You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.

Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?

Are your freezing ? Are you home yet ? Will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? Do you love me ? Do you think of me ? Are you missing me yet ?

Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.

Hi , where are you? We're at and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?

Can come my room but cannot come my house cos my house still messy... Haha...

Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?